refactor(contracts): finalize workchain-specific logic, add more fee-related checks (#109)
tact-lang/jetton: dev-docs/SPEC.md

```tlb
claim_ton#0393b1ce receiver:MsgAddress = InternalMsgBody;
```

## Semantic changes

We decided to change behavior of a few receivers

#### Mint send amount

> In other implementations, `mint` TL-B looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other implementations, the `mint` TL-B looks like this:
```

```tlb
mint#21
  query_id:uint64
  to_address:MsgAddressInt
  ton_amount:Coins
  master_msg:^JettonInternalTransfer
  = JettonMinterMsg;
```

> Field `ton_amount` represents amount that we want to send with out `master_msg` that is `JettonInternalTransfer`. However, since **atomic** receiver and it's only functionality is to perform checks and send next message in the chain, it make sense for it to follow general semantics in such cases, which is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ton_amount` field represents the amount that we want to send without `master_msg`, which is `JettonInternalTransfer`. However, since it's an **atomic** receiver and its only functionality is to perform checks and send the next message in the chain, it makes sense for it to follow general semantics in such cases, which is
```
